# Disclaimer

IBM does not warrant uninterrupted or error-free operation of an IBM
Program or that IBM will correct all defects or prevent third party
disruptions. These warranties are the exclusive warranties from IBM
and replace all other warranties, including the implied warranties or
conditions of satisfactory quality, merchantability, non-infringement,
and fitness for a particular purpose. IBM warranties will not apply if
there has been misuse, modification, damage not caused by IBM, or
failure to comply with written instructions provided by IBM. Non-IBM
Programs are provided as-is, without warranties of any kind. Third
parties may provide their own warranties to Licensee.

## Use of Data

The data used within this program is used only for the purposes of
shifting databases between different environments. None of the control
data used within the application will be kept or transmitted to
another location. Data collected for the purposes of using this
application will only access configuration information and will not
access user data. 

## Use of Personal Data

Clients are responsible for ensuring their own compliance with various
laws and regulations, including the European Union General Data
Protection Regulation. Clients are solely responsible for obtaining
advice of competent legal counsel as to the identification and
interpretation of any relevant laws and regulations that may affect
the clients' business and any actions the clients may need to take to
comply with such laws and regulations.

Use of this system is at your sole risk.